30 June Karl

Added links betwen cmpimacs and cmpift.h.  Not all of them work yet.
In particular having problems with link to a macro (CMClone and CMRelease).

Generally all the macros have links back (but not all show up yet) but that
gives you a clue how many functions do not have macros at this point.

I have to go through and manually check each one

Added a number of todos where I have not made the macro link yet or no macro
exists.
 
Note that I started Issue 69, post final issues that we want to fix in spec.
We can move specissues.md there as we agree which ones to fix.
 
Removed a couple of completed TODOs but we still have a bunch to remove.
 
Note that there is another issue in the macro about lines 120 -150 that
causes warnings.

ran chksrc and found lots of lines in cmpipl.h over 80 char.

ran removetrailingblanks on cmpift.h and cmpimacs.h


Tomorrow, continue to clean up cmpimacs cmpift links.

Committed changes at end of day.
30 June 2015
Andy
1. Started syncing function descriptions with spec. TODO_AM indicates
   where this work needs to be resumed (top to bottom in cmpift.h).
2. Discovered several new spec issues (see specissues.md for a list of them
   and which ones are already addressed in the header files). This includes
   adding the filtered up-calls to the CMPIBrokerFT table, which we had
   forgotten so far.
3. Cleaned up descriptions of common function arguments, such as mb, mi, ctx,
   rc.
4. Cleaned up descriptions of return values that are CMPIStatus.
5. Changed a few remaining @retval to @return. @retval does not support
   @parblock.
6. Moved deprecation notes for deprecated return codes from the return code
   list to a function-level @deprecated statement, so it shows up in the
   deprecation list (@deprecated starts a top level section, so having it
   as part of the return code list does not work anyway).
7. Made all references to capabilities in the same way, so that the respective
   MB capabilities bit is linked.
8. Changed return code list into return code table for
   CMPIPropertyMIFT.getProperty(), to be consistent with the other MI functions.
9. Added @p to more arguments and structure members.
10. Replaced remaining textual statements about required functionality with the
   @required210 command.
11. Made sure that references to CMPI spec subclauses have either been replaced
   by linking to the corresponding linkable entity, or are explicitly called
   out to be to "Subclause x.x.x. of the CMPI Standard", where "CMPI Standard"
   links to the respective spot on the main page. There are some remaining
   ones that will be handled during description sync, they are marked with
   (TBD).
12. Made some deprecation notes more consistent.
13. Brought @see, @added, @required, and @deprecated into a consistent order.
14. Fixed a heading structure flaw in the Modules grouping hierarchy, for
    the newly introduced Thread related typedefs.
15. Fixed the 80 column limit in modules.h.
16. Removed some more completed TODOs.

29 June 2015
Karl
1. Clean up some minor issues in @returns and standardize the text so says
same thing in every case.
2. Clean up rc so same text everywhere.
3. Clean up a number of minor issues
4. Started @see between cmpimacs and cmpift.h working down cmpimacs. about
25% finished and will finish tomorrow. These go both ways cmpift<->cmpimacs

